select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t1.txt
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t2.java
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t3.cpp
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t4.tex
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t5.py
send file 
select file /home/samuel/redes/testes/t6.c
send file 
exit
